nay
hey guys welcome back to another video
what he is watching today is the second
video that will be uploading and this is
going to be a 3d intro template tutorial
for cinema 4d
so the first thing I want to do is the
cinema 4d part so open up your cinema 4d
part folder and the first thing you guys
want to do is place your texture in the
correct folder look at your cinema 4d
folder which is located in your
applications and once you look at it
open up the browser and library folder
and simply place this material file into
that folder so you guys can get the
materials that were used in the template
once you guys have done that open up
your 7 40 per your intro
so to edit your text select all three
mol text objects and change the text to
whatever you want
you
so once you guys have edited your text
you guys are ready to render your cinema
for tea party intro so go to your render
settings and save your intro to your own
folder because this is going to be
rendering out 250 frames of your intro
as PNG files so make sure you save it to
your own folder and you guys can start
renting out your cinema for tea party
intro
amen
so once you guys are under your cinema
for tea party intro go ahead and flip
your active expert folder and open up
your After Effects file
in this template you guys missing three
files the music the shock wave as well
as the actual entry template render so
right-click your missing file you guys
can replace any of them first I want to
replace the music first
so right-click the missing file and
replace the footage with what you guys
are provided within the download so your
music file is located in the files you
need folder and when you guys replace
the music it's going to automatically
replace the shockwave so once you have
replaced those two files go ahead and
right-click your missing file for your
intro template and replace this before
you guys rendered in cinema 4d I didn't
actually rent out this intro template
however when you guys render it out you
guys are going to do this PNG sequence
which pretty much means it's going to
render the intro as separate frames so
it's going to run out 250 different PNG
files what you guys need to do is open
up the first PNG file which should be
the one of four zeros and make sure that
PNG sequence is selected
you
so when you guys open this up this is
gonna replace your missing intro
template with your edited text and if
you guys already have the background you
guys can just go right ahead and run
around your intro and skip this next
step however if you guys don't have the
background while you guys got to do is
import the file that I've provided to
you guys with in the download which is
the background before once you guys have
imported this simply drag it to your
timeline under your shock wave and you
guys will get that background effect so
once you guys a ton of this go to
composition add your composition to
render queue and you can render your
intro if you guys like this tutorial you
guys want to see more free 3d intro
templates for cinema 4d please let me
know in the comment section below and
I'll see you guys next video